the kids here memorial get along they're
a big family and that's one of the most
important things you know a lot of our
teams don't have great results but they
have great team working and they get
along and they play well together our
classes you know a top notch we've got a
bunch of great teachers like myself a
graduate here we have a bunch of people
who graduated from Memorial that I
teaches here and know how the spirit is
know how the feeling is of a high school
all right so my advice to incoming
freshmen would be to get involved as
much as you can in the school because it
seems as if like when you go away in
freshman year there's so many people and
you think you're never gonna really find
like a place to fit in but if you get
involved you're gonna meet people you're
gonna be part of things people are gonna
recognize you as like a leader and I
think that's really important and also
just do as much as you can like go out
with your friends like do reckless
things but as long as you like just keep
in mind that every Monday you're coming
back to school and you're getting your
like school zone and know don't worry
about things so much these four years
are gonna go by so fast so what sets the
school apart from Central West and
Trinity is I think that everyone is
unique I feel like a lot of people in
this school have their own sense of
style like their own personality like
when you go to other schools I feel like
everyone acts the same but when you come
to Memorial it's different it's a great
environment to meet experience I don't
to be honest I'm gonna miss the school
even though sometimes I hate it I'm
still gonna miss it man most important
thing I've learned this year has just
been to put the negative things aside
and focus on all the positive and be
optimistic or now the future in the past
my advice to seniors would be surround
yourself with not only people you you
loved but people who loved you in return
because then you'll find it is nearly
impossible to be unhappy my advice for
these seniors is don't ever ever ever
ever think you're second to anybody and
what I mean by that is don't be afraid
to be great I don't care what the what
it says on paper well the data shows
there's no reason why you shouldn't be
in a position somebody else's
and make them make them say no don't
just let them say no make them say no
put yourself in a position to be
rejected because then you put yourself
in a position to be rejected you also
put yourself in a position to be
accepted
you know I endure one thing I miss is
caring the school fights on I haven't
heard that since the 70s
and just for a little taste here you go
cheer cheers for mmm HSI boys will do
when their very best
you
the class of 2014 graduation ceremony
begins in 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1